Hi, guys.
Walker In this lecture, we're going to continue from where we start, but before then, we are going
to change this icon.
So the heart icon.
Okay.
Now to do this, we are going to go back to our VSC code and then the home screen.
Okay?
Now we can use control and B to make this white.
Now instead of this home.
This is going to be hot.
Okay.
Now youth culture and SSA are going to change that are to look like the tick tock.
But for now we're just gonna go with this.
Okay?
Now what we can do is we can get rid of all this liberties.
Okay.
Get rid of this.
You can as your heart if you if you want.
It's okay.
Get rid of that.
And this control and this is save and go check it out.
Okay, great.
Now, the next thing we are going to do is when a user clicks on this, they're going to take the user
to a new page where they're going to be able to upload a video.
Okay.
Now we can then use control and B to make this right.
Now, who are the screens?
I will create a new high.
And we're going to call this Phi.
Home of the score.
So we had.
On the score video on the score screen in this section, the darts.
Okay.
And now we can get seasons of this widget.
And since we can change it later, if the need arises as well, we can call this odd video screen.
Okay Control and be an overlay highlight and use control and dots in order to import the material that
okay nice enough, it's only the container that can resolve a scaffold in order to have access to lots
of properties.
Okay.
Scuppered.
Now we're going to have the body.
Okay.
Now we can either center to center to widgets.
They're going to be in the middle.
Okay.
The child is going to be in what's in basically the Equal Time Inc well.
Inkwell.
Okay.
This sticks in the top, as you know.
We can just leave it empty for now.
Right.
And as well to the child property.
Sorry.
Child.
The child is going to be a container.
Okay.
We can just use control necessary for now and go to.
The cause.
Dot, dot fi.
Okay.
I think this should be it now, instead of this.
They're going to use the hard video.
Had video screen.
Okay.
All right.
And he's controlling dots.
Okay.
In parts.
The chain of command.
Okay.
Yes.
Control necessary and.
Click on this.
Okay.
The kid is going to start this.
And.
Okay.
Nothing.
So now we're going to go back to the hard figure.
Now the video screen.
Okay.
Now what we can do is we can give this a weight.
Sorry.
Weeds, weeds of hundred.
Thus our weight is going to be the bottom and hides of hundred.
Okay.
And we can navigate, which is going to be a test widget and it's just going to say had video.
Nice to see.
Okay.
Digital via.
Now, what we can do is we can add the background color to this.
So to do that, the container has a property known as decoration as the box decoration.
The.
So we can then see color because there's going to be debates in color, which I think is.
Red.
Okay.
I think the weight is too small.
We can't use.
190.
Okay, that's a.
Okay.
And.
Sorry.
I think the height is too much.
We're just going to use 50.
Okay.
Now we can then take this test to the center of the container.
Why isn't a rapid center?
Okay.
Now we can give this some style.
So this movie starts with test STI.
Okay.
Just I.
We can say font size of probably we can use 22 and we can also see color is going to be color start
black.
And we can say fonts.
Which is going to be fonts which.
Vote.
Okay.
Okay, great.
Now, you now understand what this week does and what the does as well.
Right.
Okay.
This.
Basically, it's.
Later on your future, we're going to say this to look just like the.
Tick tock on.
But for now, we are good.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
Seen in this lecture.